we caught up with the couple's to ask
them about their pre-show nerves so
tomorrow we have the terrifying tango
and needs us really getting into gear
for this dance she's bringing on a whole
new character she's always so lovely so
she's may have to be really mean this
week and I'm just actually doing really
well with the dance I just hoped you can
pull it off to my right I'm looking
forward to the show tomorrow so haloween
special and it's going to be some
awesome costumes I think I've got a
little surprise I'm over these a little
bit frightening day tomorrow so under
them hello into
but it's going to be fun that much I do
know i'm not the business can be exactly
what I growing draft but I sort don't
mind tomorrow letely going to strap me
up to do the son Beau and then I'm
either going in for the knee operations
this son get all the sunday after so
then they can get me ready to dance
following saturday all being well all I
know at the moment but I'm gonna answer
some but if it kills me Brendan's done a
fantastical choreography great ideas
with a few tricks in it but hopefully
they'll be treats to it I think this
quick step is you know a little bit more
sort of Judge friendly and the shape
seem to be in in a good place foot works
not too bad but anything can happen on
the night Halloween wing amazing props
so hopefully it will all come together
but right now I'm not gonna lie I'm very
nervous